B2B Marketing Analytics Implementation Guide  Salesforce, Spring   ’ 26  Last updated: November 17, 2025

©   Copyright 2000 – 2026 Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved. Salesforce is a registered trademark of Salesforce, Inc., as are other names and marks. Other marks appearing herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.

CONTENTS  Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1  Prerequisites for B2B Marketing Analytics   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2  Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3  Permissions for B2B Marketing Analytics   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3  Migration for Legacy Users   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6  Considerations for B2B Marketing Analytics   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8  Create and Upgrade B2B Marketing Analytics Apps   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11  Create a B2B Marketing Analytics App   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11  Reconfigure B2B Marketing Analytics   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12  Upgrade a B2B Marketing Analytics Template   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13  Optional Uses for B2B Marketing Analytics   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13  Account-Based Marketing Dashboard   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14  Multi-Touch Attribution Dashboard   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17  Prospect and Activity Dataset   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20  B2B Marketing Analytics Glossary   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26  B2B Marketing Analytics Dashboards   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28  B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34

SET UP B2B MARKETING ANALYTICS  B2B Marketing Analytics is a CRM Analytics app that segments and visualizes your marketing and sales data. After you assign user permissions, marketers can create B2B Marketing Analytics dashboards in CRM Analytics Studio. Before you begin, you must have a verified Salesforce connector. See Setting Up a Salesforce Connector for Business Units Purchased After February 11, 2019 or Setting Up a Salesforce Connector for Business Units Purchased Before February 11, 2019. Prerequisites for B2B Marketing Analytics The setup process for B2B Marketing Analytics varies based on when the feature was purchased or previously set up. Your permission set license affects how you enable B2B Marketing Analytics. To get the newest tools and data after the initial setup, users must update their apps periodically. Considerations for B2B Marketing Analytics Keep these considerations in mind while you set up and use B2B Marketing Analytics. Create and Upgrade B2B Marketing Analytics Apps To explore dashboards and lenses, create an app with the B2B Marketing Analytics template. As feature updates become available to B2B Marketing Analytics, you must upgrade your apps. You can also change an app ’ s settings at any time by reconfiguring it. Optional Uses for B2B Marketing Analytics Your business goals dictate how you set up each B2B Marketing Analytics app. For example, track opportunities at each touchpoint or dig into engagement on a specific account. Optional dashboards are available with B2B Marketing Analytics. B2B Marketing Analytics Glossary Familiarize yourself with common CRM Analytics terminology.  1

Prerequisites for B2B Marketing Analytics  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  USER PERMISSIONS  To enable CRM Analytics platform:  •   Customize Application To create permission sets:  •   Manage Profiles AND Permission Sets  The setup process for B2B Marketing Analytics varies based on when the feature was purchased or previously set up. Your permission set license affects how you enable B2B Marketing Analytics. To get the newest tools and data after the initial setup, users must update their apps periodically.  Note:   To find out which license you ’ re using, head over to Salesforce Setup. Open Company Information, and look for the Permission Set License field. To find your connector version, open Account Engagement Settings. Under Account Information, find the Salesforce Connector Version field.This information can help you determine which permissions your B2B Marketing Analytics users need.  User Permissions — If you have the B2B Marketing Analytics permission set license, the permissions you need are already available in your org. If you have the Analytics Embedded App permission set license, you must create custom permission sets. To give managers and users access to apps, make two permission sets and name them Manage CRM Analytics Templated Apps and Use CRM Analytics Templated Apps.  •   Base each permission set on the Analytics Embedded Apps permission set license.  •   For the Manage permission set, allow all the available permissions and add the Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps and Manage CRM Analytics Templated Apps user permissions. Then, assign the Manage permission set to the integration user (or connector user) and other power users.  •   For the Use permission set, allow the permissions that you want a typical user to have. Add the Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps and Use CRM Analytics Templated Apps user permissions. Then, assign the Use permission set to users who need access to B2B Marketing Analytics dashboards and apps.  Important:   Make sure that your connector user (either Connector User or Integration User) retains the necessary permissions at all times. If you unassign the connector user ’ s permissions, B2B Marketing Analytics apps stop updating. Additional licenses are available with CRM Analytics Platform licenses, if more users need access.  App Updates — If it ’ s your first time setting up B2B Marketing Analytics, follow the setup steps and then tell users they can create their own apps in Analytics Studio. If your org already contains B2B Marketing Analytics apps, make sure you ’ re using the latest version. For information about legacy B2B Marketing Analytics, check out Migration for Legacy Users on page 6. When changes are made to the B2B Marketing Analytics product, users must update each of their apps. A notification appears in the toolbar. Upgrade a B2B Marketing Analytics Template on page 13 Multi-Touch Attribution Dashboard — If you want to use the optional Multi-Touch Attribution dashboard, set up Customizable Campaign Influence first. Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics Review the prerequisites and permissions details for B2B Marketing Analytics, and then enable the feature in the Marketing Setup app. Permissions for B2B Marketing Analytics Create and assign permission sets for the connector user and B2B Marketing Analytics users. The app version that you use determines which permission names are available.  2 Prerequisites for B2B Marketing Analytics Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Migration for Legacy Users Datasets in legacy B2B Marketing Analytics apps are longer updated. Legacy apps include any custom apps that you made without selecting the B2B Marketing Analytics app template during setup. To get access to the most recent features and data, upgrade to templated apps.  Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  USER PERMISSIONS  To assign permission sets:  •   Assign Permission Sets AND View Setup and Configuration To create B2B Marketing Analytics apps:  •   Manage CRM Analytics Templated Apps AND Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps OR B2B Marketing Analytics App permission set  Review the prerequisites and permissions details for B2B Marketing Analytics, and then enable the feature in the Marketing Setup app.  Note:   Tableau CRM is now known as CRM Analytics. We wish we could snap our fingers to update the name everywhere, but you can expect to see the previous name in a few places until we replace it.  For new users to B2B Marketing Analytics, here ’ s the fastest way to get started.  1.   From Marketing Setup, select   B2B Marketing Analytics , and then click   Getting Started .  2.   Expand each section to complete each task.  a.   Share Marketing Data: Click   Manage Assignments , and then add the Integration user to the selected permission set. Then, add the sales and marketing users who need access to B2B Marketing Analytics apps.  b.   Enable CRM Analytics: Click   Open CRM Analytics Setup , and then enable CRM Analytics. If the Data Rows heading and Setup tiles appear, it ’ s enabled.  c.   Enable Data Sync and Connections: Click   Open CRM Analytics Settings , select   Enable Data Sync and Connections , and then save.  3.   Schedule replication.  4.   After settings and permission sets are in place, you or your users can open Analytics Studio and begin creating apps. To set up optional datasets and dashboards, select   Optional Features   in Marketing Setup.  Tip:   By default, archived prospect data is included in CRM Analytics datasets. To exclude data from archived prospects in the pdProspects and odProspectActivity datasets, edit the preference in Account Engagement Settings.  Note:   The Data Sync and Connections setting is recommended for most users because it improves performance in CRM Analytics. When Data Sync is on, you must schedule replication to get the latest data. If you have any CRM Analytics apps besides B2B Marketing Analytics, Data Sync can retain other apps ’   filters and show inaccurate data in B2B Marketing Analytics.  Permissions for B2B Marketing Analytics  USER PERMISSIONS  To select who can use B2B Marketing Analytics:  •   Customize Application AND Modify All Data  Create and assign permission sets for the connector user and B2B Marketing Analytics users. The app version that you use determines which permission names are available. To find out which license you ’ re using, head over to Salesforce Setup. Open Company Information, and look for the Permission Set License field. To find your connector version, open Account Engagement Settings. Under Account Information, find the Salesforce Connector Version field.This information can help you determine which permissions your B2B Marketing Analytics users need.  3 Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

If your org uses the Analytics Embedded App permission set license, review Migration for Legacy Users.  Note:   Each B2B Marketing Analytics subscription provides five users.  Connector User  The connector user is used in orgs with the v1 Salesforce connector. The connector user must retain access to these permissions at all times. If you reassign the connector user for other purposes, B2B Marketing Analytics can ’ t receive updated data. Permission Set Licenses  •   B2B Marketing Analytics  •   CRM User OR Sales User OR Service User Permission Sets  •   Account Engagement Connector User  •   CRM User OR Sales Cloud User OR Service Cloud User  •   B2B Marketing Analytics App System Permissions The B2B Marketing Analytics App permission set includes these system permissions by default.  •   Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps  •   Download CRM Analytics Data  •   Edit CRM Analytics Dataflows  •   Manage CRM Analytics Templated Apps  •   Use CRM Analytics Templated Apps  Integration User  The integration user is found in orgs with the v2 Salesforce connector. The integration user must retain access to these permissions at all times. If you reassign the integration user for other purposes, B2B Marketing Analytics can ’ t receive updated data. Permission Set Licenses  •   B2B Marketing Analytics Permission Sets  •   Account Engagement Integration User  •   B2B Marketing Analytics App System Permissions Make sure that the B2B Marketing Analytics App permission set includes these system permissions.  •   Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps  •   Download CRM Analytics Data  •   Edit CRM Analytics Dataflows  •   Manage CRM Analytics Templated Apps  •   Use CRM Analytics Templated Apps  4 Permissions for B2B Marketing Analytics Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Manage Analytics User  Permission Set Licenses  •   B2B Marketing Analytics  •   Account Engagement OR CRM User OR Sales User OR Service User Permission Sets  •   Account Engagement User OR CRM User OR Sales Cloud User OR Service Cloud User  •   B2B Marketing Analytics App System Permissions Make sure that the B2B Marketing Analytics App permission set includes these system permissions.  •   Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps  •   Download CRM Analytics Data  •   Edit CRM Analytics Dataflows  •   Manage CRM Analytics Templated Apps  •   Use CRM Analytics Templated Apps  Use Analytics User  Use a custom permission set to create use-only users. We recommend that you clone the original B2B Marketing Analytics permission set and remove unnecessary system permissions. Permission Set Licenses  •   B2B Marketing Analytics  •   Account Engagement OR CRM User OR Sales User OR Service User Permission Sets  •   Account Engagement User OR CRM User OR Sales Cloud User OR Service Cloud User  •   B2B Marketing Analytics App System Permissions Make sure that the cloned B2B Marketing Analytics permission set includes these system permissions.  •   B2B Marketing Analytics Apps  •   Use CRM Analytics Templated Apps Create Permission Sets Create permission sets that contain the permissions necessary for your users to complete a specific job or task.  5 Permissions for B2B Marketing Analytics Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Create Permission Sets  EDITIONS  Available in: both Salesforce Classic (not available in all orgs) and Lightning Experience Available in:   Essentials ,  Contact Manager ,  Professional ,   Group ,  Enterprise ,   Performance ,  Unlimited ,   Developer , and  Database.com   Editions  USER PERMISSIONS  To create permission sets:  •   Manage Profiles and Permission Sets To assign permission sets:  •   Assign Permission Sets  Create permission sets that contain the permissions necessary for your users to complete a specific job or task. You can clone a permission set or create one. A cloned permission set starts with the same licenses and enabled permissions as the original one. A new permission set starts with no licenses selected and no permissions enabled.  Tip:   If your org has many permission sets, using permission set groups can help improve performance.  1.   From Setup, in the Quick Find box, enter   Permission Sets , and then select   Permission Sets .  2.   Click   New .  3.   Enter your permission set information.  4.   Select the types of users for the permission set. Select a specific user or permission set license. Or, if users with different licenses are assigned the permission set, select   None . If the permission set is associated with a specific license, it can only include the permission and settings entitled by that license. When creating a permission set for a specific permission set license, refer to that feature ’ s documentation. For example, to create a permission set for the Identity Connect permission set license, use these steps along with the Identity Connect documentation.  5.   Add the required permissions and settings to the permission set. For more information, see Configure Permissions and Access in Permission Sets in Salesforce Help.  Example:   You have several Sales Users who are currently allowed to read, create, and edit leads. But you need some users to also delete and transfer leads. You create a permission set for this specific task. Under Object Settings, select Leads and enable  delete. Under App Permissions, find and enable the Transfer Leads permission. Assign the permission set to users who need these permissions.  Migration for Legacy Users  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  Datasets in legacy B2B Marketing Analytics apps are longer updated. Legacy apps include any custom apps that you made without selecting the B2B Marketing Analytics app template during setup. To get access to the most recent features and data, upgrade to templated apps. Migration steps vary depending on when you purchased B2B Marketing Analytics and whether you enabled a recent version. Review these setup descriptions to identify which steps to take. If you choose to migrate your app ’ s customizations, learn what to do before and after.  •   Before You Upgrade  •   After You Upgrade  Set Up for Legacy Add-On Users  I purchased B2B Marketing Analytics as an add-on, and I didn ’ t migrate to the app template.  Migrate your legacy apps to the latest version of B2B Marketing Analytics. The permission set license in your account is called Analytics Embedded App.  6 Migration for Legacy Users Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

1.   Review the prerequisite settings.  2.   Create the Manage CRM Analytics Templated Apps permission set, and assign it to the connector user.  3.   Create the Use CRM Analytics Templated Apps perm set, and assign it to sales and marketing users.  4.   Save custom lenses, datasets, or dashboards to the My Shared Apps or My Private Apps folder.  5.   Create an app. Permissions for the Analytics Embedded App License The app version that you use determines which permissions are available. After you determine which Salesforce permission set license you have, assign the other permission sets and system permissions to different types of users.  Permissions for the Analytics Embedded App License  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  The app version that you use determines which permissions are available. After you determine which Salesforce permission set license you have, assign the other permission sets and system permissions to different types of users. To find out which license you ’ re using, head over to Salesforce Setup. Open Company Information, and look for the Permission Set License field. To find your connector version, open Account Engagement Settings. Under Account Information, find the Salesforce Connector Version field.This information can help you determine which permissions your B2B Marketing Analytics users need. If you have the Analytics Embedded Apps permission set license, refer to the following list of permissions.  Note:   System labels have been updated to reflect branding changes. Some older labels continue to include Pardot, Analytics, or Tableau CRM.  Connector User, Integration User, and Manage Analytics Users  Permission Set Licenses  •   Analytics Embedded App  •   CRM User OR Sales User OR Service User Permission Sets  •   Pardot Connector User (for v1 connector) OR Pardot Integration User (for v2 connector)  •   CRM User OR Sales Cloud User OR Service Cloud User  •   Manage Templated Analytics Apps (custom) or Manage Templated CRM Analytics Apps (custom) System Permissions Make sure that the permission set you create to manage templated apps includes these system permissions.  •   Create and Edit CRM Analytics Dashboard  •   Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps  •   Download CRM Analytics Data  •   Edit CRM Analytics Dataflows  •   Edit Dataset Recipes  •   Manage CRM Analytics Templated Apps  •   Upload External Data to CRM Analytics  7 Migration for Legacy Users Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

•   Use CRM Analytics  •   Use CRM Analytics Templated Apps  Use Analytics Salesforce User  Permission Set Licenses  •   Analytics Embedded App  •   CRM User OR Sales User OR Service User Permission Sets  •   Pardot Connector User (for v1 connector) OR Pardot Integration User (for v2 connector)  •   CRM User OR Sales Cloud User OR Service Cloud User  •   Use Templated Analytics Apps (custom) OR Manage Templated CRM Analytics Apps (custom) System Permissions Make sure that the permission set you create to use templated apps includes these system permissions.  •   Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps  •   Use CRM Analytics  •   Use CRM Analytics Templated Apps  Considerations for B2B Marketing Analytics  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  Keep these considerations in mind while you set up and use B2B Marketing Analytics.  Note:   Pardot is now known as Marketing Cloud Account Engagement. We wish we could snap our fingers to update the name everywhere, but you can expect to see the previous name in a few places until we replace it, including in the app itself.  Setting Up B2B Marketing Analytics  •   The Multi-Touch Attribution Dashboard, Account-Based Dashboard, Einstein Behavior Scoring dashboard, and Prospect and Activity dataset are optional.  •   We don ’ t recommend using B2B Marketing Analytics in sandbox orgs. To test dashboards, create a private app to configure and explore. Then, share the app with colleagues.  •   The necessary permission sets provide Editor access for B2B Marketing Analytics apps to every user. To restrict this ability, you can update the sharing settings. To keep data flowing as expected, make sure that the connector or integration user retains Editor access.  •   If you assigned all of your available licenses, the CRM Analytics Platform license can share access with additional sales and marketing users.  Updating the App Template  •   B2B Marketing Analytics is built on a CRM Analytics app template, which is updated a few times per year. An admin can enable the feature, but users must install and upgrade their apps as needed.  8 Considerations for B2B Marketing Analytics Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

•   Each time users upgrade to the latest app, they can overwrite the existing app or create one. When users overwrite an app, they lose custom dashboards and settings. Make a note of which dashboards, datasets, and lenses use any standard Account Engagement elements.  •   To migrate customizations, move dashboards, datasets, and saved lenses into My Shared App or My Private App. Next, upgrade the app and edit the existing queries to reference the new dataset IDs. Confirm that important assets and customizations are available in the new app.  •   Choose whether to keep older versions of apps for reference or delete them. When a new app is available, the previous version is no longer updated or supported.  Using Multiple Business Units  You can use B2B Marketing Analytics apps with multiple business units, but individual dashboards behave differently.  •   Create an app for each business unit that you want to work with by entering the Account Engagement business unit ID when you set up the app. Available data is then limited to that business unit in the Engagement, Pipeline, Marketing Manager, and Einstein Behavior Scoring dashboards.  •   Multi-Touch Attribution (MTA) and Account-Based Marketing (ABM) dashboards show all available Account Engagement data, regardless of the app ’ s associated business unit.  •   To filter MTA or ABM dashboards, build a lens from available fields in the datasets.  •   Marketing Data Sharing and row-level settings don ’ t affect the data shown in B2B Marketing Analytics dashboards.  •   For best results when filtering a dashboard by date, we recommend that you use the Relative date mode.  The Data Sync and Connections setting is recommended for most users because it improves performance in CRM Analytics. When Data Sync is on, you must schedule replication to get the latest data. If you have any CRM Analytics apps besides B2B Marketing Analytics, Data Sync can retain other apps ’   filters and show inaccurate data in B2B Marketing Analytics.  Using B2B Marketing Analytics  Note:   As of the Summer   ’ 20 release, datasets in legacy B2B Marketing Analytics apps are no longer updated. Legacy apps include any custom apps that you created without selecting the B2B Marketing Analytics app template during setup. For the latest datasets and features, re-create your apps with the B2B Marketing Analytics app template.  •   B2B Marketing Analytics uses the currency setting from your Account Engagement business unit. Regardless of locale settings, currency formats in CRM Analytics apps support only decimals for the decimal separator and commas for the grouping separator.  9 Considerations for B2B Marketing Analytics Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

•   The Multi-Touch Attribution dashboard includes a filter for campaign influence models. The filter list contains only models that have campaigns and opportunities associated with them. The list can be empty for newer users.  •   In orgs with Engagement History enabled, Analytics Studio contains a read-only Engagement History app. Users can work with lenses to explore the dataset: 90 days of engagement data from connected campaigns and synced assets. This app powers the Engagement History Dashboard Lightning component.  •   B2B Marketing Analytics isn ’ t fully supported on Lightning Experience on iPad Safari. Dashboards don ’ t always appear completely inside Analytics Studio, so we recommend that you open the app from the Analytics tab in Lightning Experience. Alternatively, try the CRM Analytics mobile app for iOS.  Working with Data  •   B2B Marketing Analytics uses Bulk API calls to aggregate data in the datasets. This usage doesn ’ t count against your Salesforce or Account Engagement API request limits.  •   External datasets originate in Account Engagement and can ’ t be edited in the Data Manager. They ’ re updated every 24 hours and can ’ t be synced manually. The external datasets are:  •   Pardot Campaign – –   Pardot Email  –   Pardot Email Template  –   Pardot Form and Form Handler  –   Pardot Landing Page  –   Pardot Opportunity  –   Pardot Prospect  –   Pardot Tags  –   Pardot Visitor  •   For other datasets, you can schedule sync to avoid overlap and improve performance.  •   If you use B2B Marketing Analytics without embedded Engagement History dashboards enabled, you can sync up to 25 million rows of data.  •   For Account Engagement Growth Edition, Engagement History can sync up to 90 days or 50 million rows of data, whichever comes first. For Account Engagement Plus, Advanced, and Premium Editions where B2B Marketing Analytics and the Prospect and Activity dataset are enabled, these features can sync up to 3 years or 35 million rows in total.  •   Due to date filters, time zones, and other factors, you can encounter discrepancies between data in Account Engagement and B2B Marketing Analytics data. Find out more in this Knowledge Article: Data Discrepancies in B2B Marketing Analytics.  10 Considerations for B2B Marketing Analytics Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Create and Upgrade B2B Marketing Analytics Apps  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  To explore dashboards and lenses, create an app with the B2B Marketing Analytics template. As feature updates become available to B2B Marketing Analytics, you must upgrade your apps. You can also change an app ’ s settings at any time by reconfiguring it. Create a B2B Marketing Analytics App To create a B2B Marketing Analytics app in your org, navigate to Analytics Studio and answer the setup questions. Reconfigure B2B Marketing Analytics If you make a mistake during setup or have new business needs, you can change the configuration of your B2B Marketing Analytics app at any time. Upgrade a B2B Marketing Analytics Template Each time Salesforce releases new datasets and improvements to the B2B Marketing Analytics template, each user must update their B2B Marketing Analytics app. When an upgrade is available, a link to upgrade appears in the app header.  Create a B2B Marketing Analytics App  USER PERMISSIONS  To create a B2B Marketing Analytics app:  •   Manage CRM Analytics Templated Apps AND Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps OR B2B Marketing Analytics permission set To use B2B Marketing Analytics  •   Use CRM Analytics AND Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps OR B2B Marketing Analytics permission set  To create a B2B Marketing Analytics app in your org, navigate to Analytics Studio and answer the setup questions.  1.   In Salesforce, from the App Launcher (   ), find and open   Analytics Studio .  2.   Click   Create   and select   App .  3.   Click   Start from Template   and then select   B2B Marketing Analytics . The app called B2B Marketing Analytics Legacy is no longer supported. Click through to the Details page, and verify that Version 2.0 appears in the sidebar.  4.   Click   Next   and continue through setup.  5.   Click   Done .  Note:   During the setup process, choose whether to include optional dashboards and datasets.  11 Create and Upgrade B2B Marketing Analytics Apps Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

The setup process continues in the background. To see the status of your app, navigate to   Settings   >   Data Manager   >   Dataflow View  in Analytics Studio.  Reconfigure B2B Marketing Analytics  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  USER PERMISSIONS  To reconfigure B2B Marketing Analytics:  •   Manage CRM Analytics Templated Apps AND Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps OR B2B Marketing Analytics permission set  If you make a mistake during setup or have new business needs, you can change the configuration of your B2B Marketing Analytics app at any time.  Important:   This process overwrites custom dashboards. Before you reconfigure, back up your app and save any dataset IDs.  1.   Open your B2B Marketing Analytics app in Analytics Studio.  2.   Click   Reconfigure app .  To migrate customizations, move dashboards, datasets, and saved lenses into My Shared App or My Private App. Next, upgrade the app and edit the existing queries to reference the new dataset IDs. Confirm that important assets and customizations are available in the new app.  3.   Work through the setup questions.  4.   Click   Done . Check the update status at   Settings   >   Data Manager   >   Dataflow View   in Analytics Studio.  12 Reconfigure B2B Marketing Analytics Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Upgrade a B2B Marketing Analytics Template  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  USER PERMISSIONS  To upgrade B2B Marketing Analytics:  •   Manage CRM Analytics Templated Apps AND Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps OR B2B Marketing Analytics permission set To use B2B Marketing Analytics:  •   Use CRM Analytics Templated Apps AND Create B2B Marketing Analytics Apps OR B2B Marketing Analytics permission set  Each time Salesforce releases new datasets and improvements to the B2B Marketing Analytics template, each user must update their B2B Marketing Analytics app. When an upgrade is available, a link to upgrade appears in the app header. To migrate customizations, move dashboards, datasets, and saved lenses into My Shared App or My Private App. Next, upgrade the app and edit the existing queries to reference the new dataset IDs. Confirm that important assets and customizations are available in the new app.  1.   Open your B2B Marketing Analytics app in Analytics Studio.  2.   Click   Upgrade to new version .  3.   Review the release notes provided, and continue through the setup questions.  4.   Choose to overwrite your app or create one. In Analytics Studio, check the update status at   Settings   >   Data Manager   >   Dataflow View .  Optional Uses for B2B Marketing Analytics  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  Your business goals dictate how you set up each B2B Marketing Analytics app. For example, track opportunities at each touchpoint or dig into engagement on a specific account. Optional dashboards are available with B2B Marketing Analytics. Account-Based Marketing Dashboard Use Account-Based Marketing dashboards to understand how opportunities and contacts from one account engage with your marketing and sales assets. To use Account-Based Marketing dashboards, enable the integration user ’ s access to B2B Marketing Analytics.  13 Upgrade a B2B Marketing Analytics Template Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Multi-Touch Attribution Dashboard Multi-Touch Attribution dashboards show you which marketing efforts are most influential during each stage of the purchase lifecycle. After you enable Connected Campaigns, users can find asset engagement from Account Engagement and data from Sales Cloud together in one dashboard. Prospect and Activity Dataset To identify which content influences prospects in your sales funnel, add the optional Prospect and Activity dataset. Create a lens using this dataset to identify the individual prospect record that acted on a certain asset.  Account-Based Marketing Dashboard  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for additional cost in legacy Account Engagement   Pro   or  Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise   Edition or higher  Use Account-Based Marketing dashboards to understand how opportunities and contacts from one account engage with your marketing and sales assets. To use Account-Based Marketing dashboards, enable the integration user ’ s access to B2B Marketing Analytics.  Dashboard Reference  B2B Marketing Analytics features optional account-based marketing offerings that come from three datasets:   pdAbmContact , pdAbmEvent , and   pdAbmOpp . The Account-Based Marketing Dashboard can contain up to 10,000 accounts. If you have more, some accounts don ’ t appear.  Origin Formula Description Metric Label  ABM Opportunity dataset Sum of Amount values on open opportunities Sum of monetary value associated with open opportunities Pipeline Value ABM Opportunity dataset Count of open opportunities with an Amount value of more than $0 Number of open opportunities associated with the selected accounts Open Opportunities ABM Contact dataset Count of contact records Number of contacts associated with selected accounts Contacts ABM Contact dataset (Sum of Score values) / (Count of contacts) Average Score among all contacts Avg. Engagement Score ABM Event dataset Count of sales activities Number of sales activities for the selected accounts Sales Events Other charts — There are a few other tables and charts that appear on the Account-Based Marketing dashboard.  •   Pipeline Value by Account — Horizontal bar graph showing the sum of monetary value associated with opportunities in the SQL stage.  •   Engagement Score by Account — Horizontal stacked graph showing the average engagement score per account.  •   Sales Events by Account — Horizontal stacked graph showing the number of sales activities.  14 Account-Based Marketing Dashboard Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

•   Opportunities: Revenue Win Percentage — Donut chart showing percent of revenue won versus lost. Uses opportunity record from Salesforce.  •   Opportunities: Stage Value by Account — Horizontal stacked graph showing the sum of monetary value for each account, grouped by pipeline stage. Uses opportunity record from Salesforce.  •   Opportunities: Table — Table of data associated with selected accounts: account name, opportunity name, owner name, amount, account industry, and close date. To open an action menu, click an account, opportunity, or owner name.  •   Sales Activities: Time Spent on Events — Horizontal bar graph showing the sum of hours that opportunity owners have spent on activities associated with the selected accounts.  •   Sales Activities: Number of Sales Events — Donut chart showing the number of activities that opportunity owners have spent on activities associated with the selected accounts.  Dataset Reference  Account-Based Marketing Contact Dataset  Field Label  AccountId.Name Account Name WhoID.pi__score__c Contact Pardot Score Account-Based Marketing Event Dataset  Field Label  AccountId.Name Account Name WhoId.ID Contact ID WhoId.Name Contact Name WhoID.pi__grade__c Contact Pardot Grade WhoID.pi__score__c Contact Pardot Score WhoId.Title Contact Title DurationInMinutes Duration AccountId.Id Event Account ID OwnerId.Id Owner ID OwnerId.Name Owner Name Account-Based Marketing Opportunity Dataset  Field Label  AccountId.Industry Account Industry AccountId.Name Account Name  15 Account-Based Marketing Dashboard Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Field Label  AccountId.OwnerId.Id Account Owner ID Amount Amount CloseDate Close Date Name Opportunity Name AccountId.OwnerId.Name Owner Name Give Analytics Integration User Access to B2B Marketing Analytics The Analytics Integration User in your org facilitates the transfer of analytics data to B2B Marketing Analytics. For transfers to work properly, add field-level security to the Analytics Cloud Integration User profile. Set Field-Level Security for a Field on All Profiles Use the object manager to set field-level security settings on profiles.  Give Analytics Integration User Access to B2B Marketing Analytics  The Analytics Integration User in your org facilitates the transfer of analytics data to B2B Marketing Analytics. For transfers to work properly, add field-level security to the Analytics Cloud Integration User profile.  Note:   Pardot is now known as Marketing Cloud Account Engagement. We wish we could snap our fingers to update the name everywhere, but you can expect to see the previous name in a few places until we replace it, including in the app itself.  Pardot Grade and Pardot Score aren ’ t standard fields. Install the Account Engagement AppExchange package to use these fields. For each of these fields, set the field-level security to visible.  Fields Object  Type Event Lead Source, Pardot Grade, Pardot Score Contact  16 Account-Based Marketing Dashboard Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Set Field-Level Security for a Field on All Profiles  EDITIONS  Available in: both Salesforce Classic (not available in all orgs) and Lightning Experience Available in:   Professional ,  Enterprise ,   Performance ,  Unlimited , and   Developer  Editions  USER PERMISSIONS  To set field-level security:  •   Manage Profiles and Permission Sets AND Customize Application  Use the object manager to set field-level security settings on profiles. We strongly recommend that you use permission sets and permission set groups instead of profiles to manage your users ’   field permissions. Because you can reuse smaller permission set building blocks, you can avoid creating dozens or even hundreds of profiles for each user and job function. For more information, see Permissions Sets in Salesforce Help.  Note:   On the User Management Settings page in Setup, if the Field-Level Security for Permission Sets during Field Creation setting is enabled, you set field-level security for permission sets in Object Manager.  1.   From Setup, open   Object Manager , and then in the Quick Find box, enter the name of the object containing the field.  2.   Select the object, and then click   Fields & Relationships .  3.   Select the field you want to modify.  4.   Click   Set Field-Level Security .  5.   Specify the field's access level.  6.   Save your changes.  Multi-Touch Attribution Dashboard  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  Multi-Touch Attribution dashboards show you which marketing efforts are most influential during each stage of the purchase lifecycle. After you enable Connected Campaigns, users can find asset engagement from Account Engagement and data from Sales Cloud together in one dashboard. To use Multi-Touch Attribution dashboards, set up Connected Campaigns and Campaign Influence.  Dashboard Reference  Origin Formula Description Metric Label  Multi-Touch Attribution dataset Sum of Revenue values on Closed/Won opportunities Total revenue for won opportunities Revenue Multi-Touch Attribution dataset Sum of Revenue values on Closed/Won opportunities, grouped by the ending month Total revenue, with monthly datapoints Sum of Revenue Share (line graph) Multi-Touch Attribution dataset Sum of Revenue values for all opportunities Total potential value for all opportunities Total Value Multi-Touch Attribution dataset Sum of Actual Cost values Total actual cost associated with selected campaigns Actual Cost  17 Multi-Touch Attribution Dashboard Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Formula Description Metric Label  Multi-Touch Attribution dataset ([Sum of revenue values for all campaigns - Sum of actual cost Percentage of actual campaign costs compared to net revenue ROI values for all campaigns] / Sum of actual cost values) Multi-Touch Attribution dataset — Total revenue, grouped by individual Salesforce campaign Top Salesforce Campaigns Multi-Touch Attribution dataset — Total revenue, grouped by Salesforce campaign type Revenue Share by Campaign Type  Dataset Reference  The dataset ID of this optional multi-touch attribution dataset is   pdMultiAttrib .  Field Label  OpportunityId.AccountId.Name Account OpportunityId.AccountId Account Id CampaignId.Name Campaign CampaignId.ActualCost Campaign Actual Cost CampaignId.BudgetedCost Campaign Budgeted Cost CampaignId.EndDate Campaign End Date CampaignID Campaign ID Id Campaign Influence ID ModelId.MasterLabel Campaign Influence Model ModelId Campaign Influence Model ID CampaignId.StartDate Campaign Start Date ContactId.Name Contact ContactId.FirstName Contact First Name ContactId Contact ID ContactId.LastName Contact Last Name ContactId.LeadSource Lead Source OpportunityId.Name Opportunity OpportunityId Opportunity ID CimtaGenerated.TotalRevenue Revenue RevenueShare Revenue Share  18 Multi-Touch Attribution Dashboard Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Field Label  CimtaGenerated.Roi ROI OpportunityId.StageName Stage Name CimtaGenerated.TotalValue Total Value Enable Connected Campaigns When you enable Connected Campaigns, decide which record types you want to connect and create.  Enable Connected Campaigns  EDITIONS  Available in: Salesforce Classic (not available in all orgs) and Lightning Experience Available in: All Account Engagement Editions with Salesforce   Essentials ,  Professional ,   Enterprise ,  Performance ,   Unlimited , and   Developer   Editions  USER PERMISSIONS  To connect campaigns:  •   Account Engagement Administrator role  When you enable Connected Campaigns, decide which record types you want to connect and create.  Note:   Pardot is now known as Marketing Cloud Account Engagement. We wish we could snap our fingers to update the name everywhere, but you can expect to see the previous name in a few places until we replace it, including in the app itself.  Before you enable the feature or begin connecting campaigns, we recommend that you outline how your campaigns relate to each other. Consider the following tasks. For best results, make sure that every campaign you want to use has a counterpart.  •   Identify the Account Engagement campaigns that you want to keep. Do their equivalent Salesforce campaigns exist?  •   Identify the Salesforce campaigns that you want to keep. Do their equivalent Account Engagement campaigns exist?  •   Identify which Account Engagement campaigns, if any, must stay in Account Engagement only.  •   Create record types or assignments to organize your campaigns. When the preparation is complete, head over to Account Engagement Settings and get started with Connected Campaigns.  Note:  •   The B2BMA Integration user doesn ’ t need the Account Engagement Marketing User role to enable and work with Connected Campaigns.  •   Make sure that you create counterpart campaigns in Salesforce for Account Engagement default and required campaigns, including Website Tracking and Salesforce Sync. If you aren ’ t using the Email Plug-in campaign, delete it before you connect.  •   A Account Engagement campaign is updated or created each time the Salesforce campaign is edited by a person or process. To limit the number of campaigns created in Account Engagement, identify a cut-off date for replication.  1.   Open the Connected Campaigns page.  •   In Account Engagement, open   Settings   and click   Edit . Scroll to Connected Campaigns.  •   In the Lightning app, select   Account Engagement Settings   and then   Connectors . Click the gear icon to edit the Salesforce connector, and select the   Campaigns   tab.  2.   Select   Enable Connected Campaigns and Engagement History .  19 Multi-Touch Attribution Dashboard Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

3.   Select the Salesforce campaign record types that can be connected.  4.   Save your work. The previous steps prepare your org for the alignment stage of setup. Unconnected campaigns continue to show in both places. Now, your marketing team can connect campaigns individually or in bulk. After they ’ re done, complete the setup process by giving Salesforce access to manage the campaigns.  •   On the same connector settings page, select   Use Salesforce to manage all campaigns .  •   To reduce the number of campaigns that are replicated over time, enter a date under Limit Campaign Creation by Date.  •   To let Account Engagement users continue to see the remaining unconnected campaigns, select   Show Unconnected Campaigns . Users now manage campaigns only in Salesforce.  Prospect and Activity Dataset  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  To identify which content influences prospects in your sales funnel, add the optional Prospect and Activity dataset. Create a lens using this dataset to identify the individual prospect record that acted on a certain asset. To use the Prospect and Activity dataset, enable it in Marketing Setup and then select it during the app setup in Analytics Studio. In Marketing Setup, enter   B2B Marketing   in the Quick Find box. Open the B2B Marketing Analytics setup page, and click   Enable Dataset   next to the Prospect Activity heading. The Prospect and Activity dataset includes prospect demographic fields and fields that describe their associated engagement activity. Some metrics, such as email sends, don ’ t appear in this dataset and are derived by other methods. As a result, prospect activity metric values in this dataset can vary from values in other datasets and dashboards.  Account  API Name: AccountName Name of the account associated with prospect activity  Account ID  API Name: AccountId Salesforce identifier for the prospect ’ s associated account  Account Name  API Name: Prospect.account_name Name of the prospect ’ s associated account  Activity  API Name: ActivityType Engagement activity type: click, view, success, or open  Activity Campaign ID  API Name: ActivityCampaignId Salesforce identifier for the associated campaign  Activity Campaign Name  API Name: ActivityCampaignName Campaign associated with the activity  20 Prospect and Activity Dataset Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Activity Date  API Name: ActivityDate Date and time the prospect engaged in the activity (UTC)  Address One  API Name: Prospect.address_one Address One field associated with the prospect  Address Two  API Name: Prospect.address_two Address Two field associated with the prospect  Annual Revenue  API Name: Prospect.annual_revenue The prospect ’ s associated company ’ s annual revenue  Archived  API Name: Prospect.is_archived True or false whether the prospect has been archived  Asset Activity  API Name: AssetActivity Combined label for asset and activity type: form view, form success, list email click, list email open, file view success, file view, custom URL click, landing page view, landing page success, form handler success, automated email click, automated email open, website visit, or priority page view  Asset ID  API Name: AssetId Salesforce identifier for the asset a prospect engaged with  Asset Name  API Name: AssetName The name of the asset a prospect engaged with: form, list email, file, custom URL, landing page, form handler, automated email, website, or priority page  Asset Type  API Name: AssetType The type of asset a prospect engaged with  Assigned User First Name  API Name: Prospect.assigned_user_first_name First name of the prospect ’ s assigned user  Assigned User Full Name  API Name: Prospect.assigned_user_full_name Full name of the prospect ’ s assigned user  Assigned User Last Name  API Name: Prospect.assigned_user_last_name Last name of the prospect ’ s assigned user  CRM Contact FID  API Name: Prospect.crm_contact_fid  21 Prospect and Activity Dataset Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Salesforce identifier for the contact record associated with the prospect  CRM Lead FID  API Name: Prospect.crm_lead_fid Salesforce identifier for the lead record associated with the prospect  CRM Owner FID  API Name: Prospect.crm_owner_fid Salesforce identifier for the prospect owner  City  API Name: Prospect.city The prospect ’ s city  Comments  API Name: Prospect.comments The text of user comments associated with the prospect  Company  API Name: Prospect.company The prospect ’ s company  Country  API Name: Prospect.country The prospect ’ s country  Created by First Name  API Name: Prospect.created_by_first_name First name of the user who created the prospect  Created by Full Name  API Name: Prospect.created_by_full_name Full name of the user who created the prospect  Created by Last Name  API Name: Prospect.created_by_last_name Last name of the user who created the prospect  Department  API Name: Prospect.department The prospect ’ s department  Email  API Name: Prospect.email The prospect ’ s email address  Employees  API Name: Prospect.employees Number of employees working at the prospect ’ s company  External ID  API Name: ActorExternalId Unique identifier for the prospect  22 Prospect and Activity Dataset Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Fax  API Name: Prospect.fax The prospect ’ s fax number  First Name  API Name: Prospect.first_name The prospect ’ s first name  Full Name  API Name: Prospect.full_name The prospect ’ s full name  Grade  API Name: Prospect.grade The prospect ’ s grade  ID  API Name: ActorId Salesforce identifier for the prospect ’ s associated lead or contact record. This field is used to match prospects to CRM leads and contacts.  Industry  API Name: Prospect.industry The prospect ’ s industry  Is Do Not Call  API Name: Prospect.is_do_not_call True or false whether the prospect can receive phone calls  Is Do Not Email  API Name: Prospect.is_do_not_email True or false whether the prospect can receive emails  Job Title  API Name: Prospect.job_title The prospect ’ s job title  Last Name  API Name: Prospect.last_name The prospect ’ s last name  Name  API Name: ActorName The prospect ’ s full name  Opted Out  API Name: Prospect.opted_out True or false. whether the prospect has opted out of marketing emails  Pardot Account ID (external)  API Name: Prospect.pardot_account_id Unique identifier for the prospect. This field is used to match prospects to CRM leads and contacts.  23 Prospect and Activity Dataset Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Pardot Activity ID  API Name: ActivityExternalId Unique identifier for the activity. This field is used to match engagement activity to prospects, leads, and contacts.  Pardot Asset ID  API Name: AssetExternalId Unique identifier for the asset that a prospect engaged with  Phone  API Name: Prospect.phone The prospect ’ s phone number  Prospect Archived  API Name: ProspectIsArchived True or false. Whether the prospect has been archived  Prospect Assigned Date  API Name: Prospect.assigned_date Date a prospect was assigned to a user (UTC)  Prospect CRM Last Activity Date  API Name: Prospect.crm_last_activity_date Date of the prospect ’ s last recorded interaction with an asset (UTC)  Prospect Created At Date  API Name: Prospect.created_at_date Date the prospect was created  Prospect ID (external)  API Name: Prospect.id Unique identifier for the prospect. This field is used to match prospects to CRM leads and contacts.  Prospect Job Title  API Name: ProspectJobTitle The prospect ’ s job title  Prospect Last Activity Date  API Name: Prospect.last_activity_date Date of the prospect ’ s last activity recorded  Prospect Pardot Campaign Id  API Name: ProspectCampaignExternalId Unique identifier for the first-touch Account Engagement campaign that a prospect is associated with  Prospect Type  API Name: ActorType Type of record: Prospect, Lead, or Contact  Prospect Updated At Date  API Name: Prospect.updated_at_date Date a prospect was last updated  24 Prospect and Activity Dataset Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Salutation  API Name: Prospect.salutation The prospect ’ s preferred title  Score  API Name: Prospect.score The prospect ’ s score  Source  API Name: Prospect.source How the prospect was added  Source Campaign  API Name: Prospect.source_campaign The name of the associated Account Engagement campaign  State  API Name: Prospect.state The prospect ’ s state  Tags  API Name: Prospect.tags Tags associated with the prospect  Territory  API Name: Prospect.territory The prospect ’ s territory  Updated by First Name  API Name: Prospect.updated_by_first_name First name of the user who last updated the prospect  Updated by Last Name  API Name: Prospect.updated_by_last_name Last name of the user who last updated the prospect  Website  API Name: Prospect.website Website URL associated with the prospect ’ s company  Years In Business  API Name: Prospect.years_in_business Number of years the prospect ’ s company has been in business  Zip  API Name: Prospect.zip The prospect ’ s ZIP code  Member Values for Recipes  When using recipes in B2B Marketing Analytics, use these labels and member values to map your fields.  25 Prospect and Activity Dataset Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Field Label: Asset Type  Form,   “ 1 ”  List Email,   “ 2 ”  Custom Url,   “ 4 ”  Landing Page,   “ 5 ”  Form Handler,   “ 6 ”  Automated Email,   “ 7 ”  Website Visit,   “ 8 ”  Priority Page View,   “ 9 ”  Field Label: Activity Type  Click,   “ 1 ” ,   “ 21 ”  View,   “ 2 ”  Success,   “ 4 ”  Open,   “ 11 ”  Visit,   “ 20 ”  Field Label: Asset Activity  Form View,   “ 1 2 ”  Form Success,   “ 1 4 ”  List Email Click,   “ 2 1 ”  List Email Open,   “ 2 11 ”  File View,   “ 3 2 ”  Custom Url Click,   “ 4 21 ”  Landing Page View,   “ 5 2 ”  Landing Page Success,   “ 5 4 ”  Form Handler Success,   “ 6 4 ”  Automated Email Click,   “ 7 1 ”  Automated Email Open,   “ 7 11 ”  Website Visit,   “ 8 20 ”  Priority Page View,   “ 9 2 ”  Field Label: Prospect Type  Lead,   “ 1 ”  Contact,   “ 2 ”  Prospect,   “ 3 ”  B2B Marketing Analytics Glossary  Familiarize yourself with common CRM Analytics terminology.  26 B2B Marketing Analytics Glossary Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Note:   Pardot is now known as Marketing Cloud Account Engagement. We wish we could snap our fingers to update the name everywhere, but you can expect to see the previous name in a few places until we replace it, including in the app itself.  Aggregate  A summary of the data based on a grouping. For example, sum of the amounts or count of rows of data, as in the initial exploration state.  App  In CRM Analytics, an app contains dashboards, lenses, and datasets in any combination that makes sense for sharing your data analysis with colleagues. Apps are like folders, and let users control sharing and organize their data projects.  Dashboard  A curated set of charts, metrics, and tables based on the data in one or more lenses.  Dataset  Contains a set of source data that is formatted and optimized for interactive exploration.  Dimension  A qualitative value, such as region, product name, or model number.  Filter  You can filter the data to narrow your results. For example, you can show only opportunities within a certain fiscal year. Filters included with B2B Marketing Analytics include:  •   Date range  •   Stage (Opportunity Stage)  •   Tags (Pardot Tags)  Group  You can group the data by a specific dimension. For example: group by product name or account.  Lens  A particular view into a dataset ’ s data. You use a lens to do exploratory analysis and visualization.  Measure  A quantitative value, such as revenue or exchange rate. You can do math on measures, such as calculate the total revenue or minimum exchange rate.  Template  A framework for analytics apps that comes preset with KPIs and visualizations.  Visualization  A visual representation of data, such as a chart, graph, comparison table, or pivot table. B2B Marketing Analytics Dashboards B2B Marketing Analytics includes three prebuilt dashboards to meet the needs of everyone on the team. With a few more steps, you can also create a Multi-Touch Attribution dashboard, Account-Based Marketing dashboard, or an Einstein Behavior Scoring dashboard. Each dashboard features widgets that outline or visualize helpful metrics. Data for these dashboards originates in Account Engagement, Salesforce, or both sources. Each dashboard is built on predetermined datasets and filters, or lenses, that help you draw insights from your marketing data. B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Several datasets become available when you set up B2B Marketing Analytics. In the B2B Marketing Analytics app, combine and filter the fields to create helpful metrics that tell you more about your marketing and sales performance.  27 B2B Marketing Analytics Glossary Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

B2B Marketing Analytics Dashboards  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  B2B Marketing Analytics includes three prebuilt dashboards to meet the needs of everyone on the team. With a few more steps, you can also create a Multi-Touch Attribution dashboard, Account-Based Marketing dashboard, or an Einstein Behavior Scoring dashboard. Each dashboard features widgets that outline or visualize helpful metrics. Data for these dashboards originates in Account Engagement, Salesforce, or both sources. Each dashboard is built on predetermined datasets and filters, or lenses, that help you draw insights from your marketing data.  Dashboards Overview  •   Engagement — This dashboard shows how your primary marketing assets perform and how they contribute to the sales pipeline and opportunity lifecycle. Included metrics: asset engagement on list emails, forms, and landing pages.  •   Pipeline — The Pipeline dashboard shows your sales funnel from visitors to prospects and through to opportunities you ’ ve won. This dashboard is helpful for sales and marketing leadership to see which assets and campaigns push the most deals. Included metrics: numbers of visitors, prospects, marketing qualified leads, open opportunities, closed-won opportunities, and velocity figures.  •   Marketing Manager — The Marketing Manager dashboard offers a quick look into the health of your business and which campaigns are yielding the best results. From this dashboard, you can drill into the Engagement and Pipeline dashboards. Included metrics: pipeline deals, revenue by campaign, and marketing asset engagement.  •   Multi-Touch Attribution — The Multi-Touch Attribution dashboard shows the top drivers at each lifecycle stage. Get a detailed view of marketing performance when you filter the dashboard by influence model, opportunity, account, and more. The Multi-Touch Attribution dashboard shows the top drivers at each lifecycle stage. Get a detailed view of marketing performance when you filter the dashboard by influence model, opportunity, account, and more.  •   Account-Based Marketing — The Account-Based Marketing dashboard brings together opportunities, contacts, marketing engagement, and sales activities. Narrow the dashboard by a certain account or a few, to find out how things are going with your sales reps. Included metrics: pipeline value, number of opportunities, score, won/lost percentage, stage value, and a table of opportunities.  •   Einstein Behavior Scoring — The Einstein Behavior Scoring dashboard gives the factors that Einstein uses to build your scoring model. Included widgets: Most influential engagement activities, influential assets, and a table of leads and contacts who perform these activities.  Dashboard Terms  Certain terms used in these descriptions can refer to fields in either Account Engagement or Salesforce.  •   Monetary value is derived from the Value field on a Account Engagement opportunity. The Value field maps to the Amount field on a Salesforce opportunity.  •   Cost is derived from the Cost field on a campaign in Account Engagement. When campaigns are connected, the Cost field on a Account Engagement campaign maps to the Budgeted Cost field in Salesforce.  •   Value in the Multi-Touch Attribution and Account-Based Marketing dashboards is derived from the Amount field on a Salesforce opportunity.  •   Sales Activities in the Account-Based Marketing dashboard include all values from the Type field on your Event object.  Marketing Manager Dashboard  The Marketing Manager dashboard offers many widgets and charts. In addition to the Pipeline Deals and Email Engagement widget collections, the dashboard includes charts that group and rank campaign and asset data.  28 B2B Marketing Analytics Dashboards Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Pipeline Deals Section — The metrics in this section use data from the Opportunity dataset on page 42, pdOpportunity, which combines data from both sources.  Origin Formula Description Metric Label  pdOpportunity dataset — Number of opportunities not in Won or Lost stage Opportunities in Pipeline pdOpportunity dataset — Total number of opportunities (center) and the number of Donut Chart (no label) opportunities in SQL, Won, and Lost stages (ring) pdOpportunity dataset Sum of monetary value associated with open opportunities Total value of open opportunities Pipeline pdOpportunity dataset Sum of monetary value associated with opportunities in the Won stage Total value of opportunities in the Closed/Won stage Revenue pdOpportunity dataset (Sum of [Opportunity Close Date - Opportunity Creation Date]) / Total Closed/Won opportunities Average close velocity in days, based on Closed/Won opportunities Avg. Conversion to Close pdOpportunity dataset Sum of Value fields, based on campaigns that are associated with an opportunity Total revenue associated with individual campaigns Revenue by Campaign Email Engagement Widget — The metrics in this widget use data from the Email dataset on page 34, pdEmail, which contains data from both sources.  Origin Formula Description Metric Label  pdEmail dataset Count of sent emails Total emails sent Total Sent pdEmail dataset Count of hard bounces Total hard bounces Hard Bounces pdEmail dataset Unique clicks / Total delivered Delivered is (Sent emails - hard bounces) Percentage of prospects who clicked email links Unique CTR pdEmail dataset Unique HTML opens / Total delivered Delivered is (Sent emails - hard bounces) Percentage of unique HTML opens compared to the total delivered emails Unique Open Rate pdEmail dataset — Total number of prospects that have clicked the link to Opt-Outs unsubscribe or that opted out  29 B2B Marketing Analytics Dashboards Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Formula Description Metric Label  of all email communications in the Email Preference Center pdEmail dataset — Total number of prospects that reported the email as spam SPAM Complaints Other Charts — There are three data charts that appear on the Marketing Manager dashboard.  •   Revenue by Campaign — Donut chart showing the sum of monetary value of opportunities in the Won stage; grouped by campaign name. Stage values come from Salesforce.  •   Top Forms — Horizontal bar graph showing the top 10 forms based on the number of unique form submissions. Form data comes from Account Engagement.  •   Landing Page Completion — Donut chart showing the top 10 landing pages based on the number of unique landing page submissions. Landing Page data comes from Account Engagement.  Pipeline  The metrics throughout the Pipeline dashboard originate from the Opportunity, Prospects, and Visitors datasets. The Lifecycle Snapshot area displays stages in your prospect lifecycle: Visitors, Prospects, MQLs, SQLs, and Closed Won. The number between two tiles represents the average number of days for people to move stage to stage. After the Pipeline Breakdown section, are three graphs: Source Campaigns, Pipeline by Company, and Lead Sources. The first two graphs show the monetary value that is associated with opportunities ’   individual campaigns, companies, and marketing channels. The Lead Sources graph indicates the count of lead sources. Pipeline Breakdown Widget — The metrics in the Pipeline Breakdown Widget use data from the pdOpportunity dataset, pdVisitor dataset, and pdProspect dataset.  Origin Formula Description Metric Label  pdOpportunity dataset Sum of monetary value associated with opportunities Total value of opportunities in the pipeline Total Value  not   in Closed/Won or Closed/Lost stage pdOpportunity dataset Count of all opportunities   not   in Won or Lost stage Number of opportunities in the pipeline Opportunities in Pipeline pdOpportunity dataset Sum of budgeted cost fields for selected campaigns Total cost of selected campaigns Cost pdOpportunity dataset Sum of monetary value associated with opportunities in the Closed/Won stage Total value of won opportunities Revenue pdVisitor, pdProspect datasets (Prospects / visitors) * 100 Percentage of prospects compared to total visitors Visitor Conversion Rate pdOpportunity dataset (Closed/Won opportunities / Closed opportunities) * 100 Percentage of won opportunities Opportunity Win Rate  30 B2B Marketing Analytics Dashboards Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Formula Description Metric Label  pdOpportunity dataset (Total revenue / Sum of actual cost fields for campaigns) * 100 Percentage of campaign cost compared to net revenue ROI  Engagement  Note:   Some values are used in more than one widget.  Metric descriptions are the same for the List Email Engagement Widget and the Email Template Widget. The origin for List Email widget data is the Email dataset on page 34, pdEmail. Email Template widget data originates in the Email Template dataset on page 37, pdEmailTemplate.  Formula Description Metric Label  — Total number of emails sent List Emails Sent  — Total number of emails opened Total Opens Unique HTML opens / (Sent emails - bounces) * 100 Percentage of unique opens based on delivered emails Unique Open Rate  — Total number of prospects who opened the email Unique Opens  — Percentage of visitors who click links contained in emails delivered. Delivered equals sent emails minus bounces. Total CTR Spam complaints / sent emails Percentage of spam complaints received on all emails sent Spam Rate Sum of prospects that clicked Unsubscribe + Prospects who opted out in Email Preference Center Total number of prospects that don ’ t want to receive marketing email Opt-Outs Bounced emails / Sent emails Percentage of emails that bounced Bounce Rate  — Number of unique clicks Unique Clicks Sum of soft bounces and hard bounces Number of emails that didn ’ t arrive in email inboxes Total Bounces The metrics in the Forms Engagement Widget originate in the Forms and Form Handlers dataset on page 39, pdFormAndHandler, which contains data from both sources.  Formula Description Metric Label  Form submissions / Total form views Percentage of how often forms are completed Total Submission Rate  31 B2B Marketing Analytics Dashboards Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Formula Description Metric Label  Visitor-to-prospect conversions / Total form submissions Percentage of visitors who convert via forms Form Conversion Rate  — Number of form views Total Views  — Number of forms completed Total Submissions  — Number of form submissions Form Submissions  — \ Number of forms submitted via form handler Handler Submissions The metrics in the Landing Page Engagement Widget originate in the Landing Page dataset on page 40, pdLandingPage, which contains data from both sources.  Formula Description Metric Label  — Number of unique landing page views Unique Views Landing page submissions / Landing page views Percentage of submitted landing pages Total Submission Rate  — Number of landing page views Total Views  — Number of landing page submissions Total Submissions  Multi-Touch Attribution  High-level metrics and two charts are available on the Multi-Touch Attribution dashboard. To see an attribution breakdown that works for you, select an Influence Model from the dropdown.  Origin Formula Description Metric Label  Multi-Touch Attribution dataset Sum of Revenue values on Closed/Won opportunities Total revenue for won opportunities Revenue Multi-Touch Attribution dataset Sum of Revenue values on Closed/Won opportunities, grouped by the ending month Total revenue, with monthly datapoints Sum of Revenue Share (line graph) Multi-Touch Attribution dataset Sum of Revenue values for all opportunities Total potential value for all opportunities Total Value Multi-Touch Attribution dataset Sum of Actual Cost values Total actual cost associated with selected campaigns Actual Cost Multi-Touch Attribution dataset ([Sum of revenue values for all campaigns - Sum of actual cost Percentage of actual campaign costs compared to net revenue ROI values for all campaigns] / Sum of actual cost values)  32 B2B Marketing Analytics Dashboards Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Formula Description Metric Label  Multi-Touch Attribution dataset — Total revenue, grouped by individual Salesforce campaign Top Salesforce Campaigns Multi-Touch Attribution dataset — Total revenue, grouped by Salesforce campaign type Revenue Share by Campaign Type  Account-Based Marketing  The Account-Based Marketing dashboard includes an Account Details Widget alongside pipeline, opportunity, and sales activities charts. Choose an account to filter available widgets, and see the opportunity table update with historical information associated with the selected account.  Origin Formula Description Metric Label  ABM Opportunity dataset Sum of Amount values on open opportunities Sum of monetary value associated with open opportunities Pipeline Value ABM Opportunity dataset Count of open opportunities with an Amount value of more than $0 Number of open opportunities associated with the selected accounts Open Opportunities ABM Contact dataset Count of contact records Number of contacts associated with selected accounts Contacts ABM Contact dataset (Sum of Score values) / (Count of contacts) Average Score among all contacts Avg. Engagement Score ABM Event dataset Count of sales activities Number of sales activities for the selected accounts Sales Events Other charts — There are a few other tables and charts that appear on the Account-Based Marketing dashboard.  •   Pipeline Value by Account — Horizontal bar graph showing the sum of monetary value associated with opportunities in the SQL stage.  •   Engagement Score by Account — Horizontal stacked graph showing the average engagement score per account.  •   Sales Events by Account — Horizontal stacked graph showing the number of sales activities.  •   Opportunities: Revenue Win Percentage — Donut chart showing percent of revenue won versus lost. Uses opportunity record from Salesforce.  •   Opportunities: Stage Value by Account — Horizontal stacked graph showing the sum of monetary value for each account, grouped by pipeline stage. Uses opportunity record from Salesforce.  •   Opportunities: Table — Table of data associated with selected accounts: account name, opportunity name, owner name, amount, account industry, and close date. To open an action menu, click an account, opportunity, or owner name.  •   Sales Activities: Time Spent on Events — Horizontal bar graph showing the sum of hours that opportunity owners have spent on activities associated with the selected accounts.  •   Sales Activities: Number of Sales Events — Donut chart showing the number of activities that opportunity owners have spent on activities associated with the selected accounts.  33 B2B Marketing Analytics Dashboards Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets  EDITIONS  Available in: Account Engagement   Plus ,  Advanced , and   Premium  Editions with Salesforce  Enterprise   Edition or higher Available for an extra cost in legacy Account Engagement  Pro   and   Ultimate   Editions with Salesforce   Enterprise  Edition or higher  Several datasets become available when you set up B2B Marketing Analytics. In the B2B Marketing Analytics app, combine and filter the fields to create helpful metrics that tell you more about your marketing and sales performance. The tables include label and field text. When you create or edit queries by hand in CRM Analytics Studio, use the value in the field text column. Dates and times are returned in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) unless otherwise noted.  Note:   Pardot is now known as Marketing Cloud Account Engagement. We wish we could snap our fingers to update the name everywhere, but you can expect to see the previous name in a few places until we replace it, including in the app itself.  Pardot Campaign Dataset  The dataset ID is   pdCampaign . Each row represents an individual Account Engagement campaign. A connected campaign includes a Campaign ID (CRM) value. This dataset doesn ’ t include data from archived campaigns.  Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Date the campaign is created in Account Engagement campaign_date Campaign Date Salesforce Associated Salesforce campaign ID campaign_crm_id Campaign ID (CRM) Account Engagement Account Engagement campaign ID campaign_id Campaign ID (external) Account Engagement Total cost of Account Engagement campaign (currency based on locale) cost Cost Account Engagement Name of Account Engagement campaign campaign_name Name Account Engagement Account Engagement tags associated with the campaign tags Tags  Pardot Email Dataset  The dataset ID is   pdEmail . Each row represents 1 day of statistics for an individual list email. List emails related to a connected campaign include values labeled (CRM), which correspond to the counterpart Salesforce campaign. This dataset includes data from active and archived emails. (In demo orgs, archived emails aren ’ t included.)  Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Percentage of total bounces compared to emails sent bounce_rate Bounce Rate Account Engagement Associated campaign name campaign_name Campaign  34 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Description Field Label  Salesforce Associated Salesforce campaign ID campaign_crm_id Campaign ID (CRM) Account Engagement Associated Account Engagement campaign ID campaign_id Campaign ID (external) Account Engagement Percentage of unique link clicks compared to unique HTML opens, totaled by day click_to_open_rate Click To Open Ratio Account Engagement Date the email is created in Account Engagement created_at Created At Date Account Engagement First and last name of Account Engagement user who created the email created_by Created By Salesforce Salesforce user ID of associated Account Engagement user who created the email created_by_crm_id Created By - User ID (CRM) Account Engagement Percentage of emails delivered compared to emails sent, totaled by day delivery_rate Delivery Rate Account Engagement Email ID email_id Email ID Account Engagement Percentage of unique HTML opens compared to emails delivered, totaled by day html_open_rate HTML Open Rate Account Engagement Name of the email email_name Name Account Engagement Percentage of opt outs compared to emails delivered, totaled by day opt_out_rate Opt Out Rate Account Engagement Date the email is sent sent_at Sent On Date Account Engagement Names of segmentation lists that the email is sent to sent_to Sent To Account Engagement Percentage of spam complaints compared to emails delivered, totaled by day spam_complaint_rate Spam Complaint Rate Account Engagement Date the email statistics are pulled stats_date Stats Date Account Engagement Stats ID of the email stats_id Stats ID Account Engagement Subject line of the email subject Subject  35 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Names of segmentations lists that the email can ’ t be sent to suppressed_from Suppressed From Account Engagement Tags associated with the email tags Tag Account Engagement Sum of soft-bounced and hard-bounced emails, totaled by day total_bounced Total Bounced Account Engagement Number of link clicks, totaled by day total_clicks Total Clicks Account Engagement Percentage of link clicks compared to emails delivered, totaled by day total_ctr Total CTR Account Engagement Number of emails delivered, totaled by day delivered Total Delivered Account Engagement Number of emails that hard bounced, totaled by day hard_bounced Total Hard Bounced Account Engagement Number of HTML opens, totaled by day total_html_opens Total HTML Opens Account Engagement Number of opt outs, totaled by day opt_outs Total Opt Outs Account Engagement Number of emails queued, totaled by day queued Total Queued Account Engagement Number of emails sent, totaled by day sent Total Sent Account Engagement Number of emails that soft bounced, totaled by day soft_bounced Total Soft Bounced Account Engagement Number of spam complaints, totaled by day spam_complaints Total Spam Complaints Account Engagement Number of unique link clicks, totaled by day unique_clicks Unique Clicks Account Engagement Percentage of unique clicks compared to emails delivered, totaled by day unique_ctr Unique CTR Account Engagement Number of unique HTML opens, totaled by day unique_html_opens Unique HTML Opens Account Engagement Date the email is last updated updated_at Updated At Date  36 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement First and last name of Account Engagement user who edited the email most recently updated_by Updated By Salesforce Salesforce user ID of associated Account Engagement user who edited the email most recently updated_by_crm_id Updated By - User ID (CRM)  Pardot Email Template Dataset  The dataset ID is   pdEmailTemplate . Each row represents 1 day of statistics for an individual email template. Email templates associated with a connected campaign include a value that includes (CRM), which corresponds to the counterpart Salesforce campaign. This dataset includes data from active and archived email templates. Email metrics are based on the emails built on selected email templates.  Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Percentage of unique link clicks compared to unique HTML opens, totaled by day bounce_rate Bounce Rate Account Engagement Name of Account Engagement campaign associated with the email template campaign_name Campaign Salesforce Associated Salesforce campaign ID campaign_crm_id Campaign ID (CRM) Account Engagement Associated Account Engagement campaign ID campaign_id Campaign ID (external) Account Engagement Date the email template is created created_at Created At Date Account Engagement Percentage of emails delivered compared to emails sent, totaled by day delivery_rate Delivery Rate Account Engagement Email template ID email_template_id Email Template ID Account Engagement Percentage of unique HTML opens compared to emails delivered, totaled by day html_open_rate Open Rate Account Engagement Name of email template email_template_name Name Account Engagement Percentage of opt outs compared to emails delivered, totaled by day opt_out_rate Opt Out Rate  37 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement A name in the Sender field of the email template. This field sender Sender displays the specified user or general username that appears at the end of the sending hierarchy, if the name is available. Account Engagement Percentage of spam complaints compared to emails delivered, totaled by day spam_complaint_rate Spam Complaint Rate Account Engagement Date the email template statistics are pulled stats_date Stats Date Account Engagement Stats ID of the email template stats_id Stats ID Account Engagement Subject line of the email template subject Subject Account Engagement Tags associated with the email template tags Tag Account Engagement Sum of soft-bounced and hard-bounced emails, totaled by day total_bounces Total Bounces Account Engagement Number of link clicks, totaled by day total_clicks Total Clicks Account Engagement Percentage of link clicks compared to emails delivered, totaled by day total_ctr Total CTR Account Engagement Number of emails delivered, totaled by day total_delivered Total Delivered Account Engagement Number of emails that hard bounced, totaled by day total_hard_bounced Total Hard Bounced Account Engagement Number of HTML opens, totaled by day total_html_opens Total HTML Opens Account Engagement Number of opt outs, totaled by day opt_outs Total Opt Outs Account Engagement Number of emails queued, totaled by day queued Total Queued Account Engagement Number of emails sent, totaled by day sent Total Sent Account Engagement Number of emails that soft bounced, totaled by day total_soft_bounced Total Soft Bounced  38 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Number of spam complaints, totaled by day spam_complaints Total Spam Complaints Account Engagement Type of email template: HTML or Text type Type Account Engagement Number of unique link clicks, totaled by day unique_clicks Unique Clicks Account Engagement Percentage of unique clicks compared to emails delivered, totaled by day unique_ctr Unique CTR Account Engagement Date the email template is last updated in Account Engagement updated_at Updated At Date  Pardot Form and Form Handler Dataset  The dataset ID is   pdFormAndHandler . Each row represents 1 day of statistics for an individual form or form handler. Assets associated with a connected campaign contain a value that includes "(CRM)," which corresponds to the counterpart Salesforce campaign. This dataset includes data from active and archived forms and form handlers.  Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Associated campaign name campaign_name Campaign Account Engagement Asset ID asset_id Form or Form Handler ID Salesforce Associated Account Engagement campaign ID campaign_crm_id Campaign ID (CRM) Account Engagement Associated Salesforce campaign ID campaign_id Campaign ID (external) Account Engagement Number of conversions, totaled by day conversion Conversions Account Engagement Name of the asset asset_name Name Account Engagement Date the form and form handler statistics are pulled stats_date Stats Date Account Engagement Tags associated with the email tags Tags Account Engagement Number of link clicks, totaled by day total_clicks Total Clicks Account Engagement Percentage of conversions compared to form and form total_conversion_rate Total Conversion Rate handler submissions, totaled by day  39 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Percentage of errors compared to form and form handler submissions, totaled by day total_error_rate Total Error Rate Account Engagement Number of errors, totaled by day total_errors Total Errors Account Engagement Percentage of submissions compared to form and form handler views, totaled by day total_submission_rate Total Submission Rate Account Engagement Number of form and form handler submissions, totaled by day total_submissions Total Submissions Account Engagement Number form and form handler views, totaled by day total_views Total Views Account Engagement Type of asset: Form or Form Handler asset_type Type Account Engagement Number of unique link clicks, totaled by day unique_clicks Unique Clicks Account Engagement Number of unique errors, totaled by day unique_errors Unique Errors Account Engagement Number of unique submissions, totaled by day unique_submissions Unique Submissions Account Engagement Number of unique views, totaled by day unique_views Unique Views  Pardot Landing Page Dataset  The dataset ID is   pdLandingPage . Each row represents 1 day of statistics for an individual landing page. Assets related to a connected campaign contain a value that includes "(CRM)," which corresponds to the counterpart Salesforce campaign. This dataset includes data from active and archived landing pages.  Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Associated campaign name campaign_name Campaign Account Engagement Associated Account Engagement campaign ID campaign_crm_id Campaign ID (CRM) Salesforce Associated Salesforce campaign ID campaign_id Campaign ID (external) Salesforce Associated Salesforce campaign ID conversion Conversions Account Engagement Date the landing page is created created_at Created  40 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement First and last name of Account Engagement user who created the email created_by Created By Salesforce Salesforce user ID of associated Account Engagement user who created the email created_by_crm_id Created By - User ID (CRM) Account Engagement Name of the included form, if applicable form_name Form Account Engagement Unique identifier for the landing page landing_page_id Landing Page ID Account Engagement Name of the landing page landing_page_name Name Account Engagement Short URL of the landing page short_url Short URL Account Engagement Date the landing page statistics are pulled stats_date Stats Date Account Engagement Percentage of submissions compared to landing page views, totaled by day. (Hidden) submissionRate Submission Rate Account Engagement Tags associated with the landing page tags Tags Account Engagement Number of link clicks, totaled by day total_clicks Total Clicks Account Engagement Number of form errors, totaled by day total_errors Total Errors Account Engagement Number of form and landing page submissions, totaled by day total_submissions Total Submissions Account Engagement Number of landing page views, totaled by day total_views Total Views Account Engagement Number of unique link clicks, totaled by day unique_clicks Unique Clicks Account Engagement Number of unique form errors, totaled by day unique_errors Unique Errors Account Engagement Number of unique submissions, totaled by day unique_submissions Unique Submissions Account Engagement Number of unique landing page views, totaled by day unique_views Unique Views  41 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Date the landing page is last updated updated_at Updated Account Engagement First and last name of Account Engagement user who edited the landing page most recently updated_by Updated By Salesforce Salesforce user ID of associated Account Engagement user who created_by_crm_id Updated By - User ID (CRM) edited the landing page most recently Salesforce Full URL of the landing page url URL  Pardot Opportunity Dataset  The dataset ID is   pdOpportunity . Each row represents an individual Account Engagement opportunity. Opportunities related to a connected campaign contain a value that includes "(CRM)," which corresponds to the counterpart Salesforce campaign. This dataset includes data from active and archived opportunities.  Origin Description Field Label  Salesforce Account ID that the prospect or lead is related to account_crm_id Account ID (CRM) Account Engagement Name of a Account Engagement campaign that the prospect is assigned to campaign_name Pardot Campaign Account Engagement Date and time the campaign is created campaign_date Campaign Date Account Engagement Campaign cost amount associated with the opportunity campaign_cost Campaign Cost (currency is based on the locale setting) Salesforce Salesforce ID of the opportunity ’ s associated Account Engagement campaign campaign_crm_id CRM Campaign ID Account Engagement ID for the opportunity ’ s associated Account Engagement campaign campaign_id Pardot Campaign ID Account Engagement Date and time that the opportunity is closed close_date Close Date Account Engagement Dollar amount of the opportunity ’ s value (currency is based on the locale setting) monetary_value Monetary Value  42 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Date and time the opportunity is created in Salesforce opportunity_date Opportunity Created Date Salesforce Salesforce ID of the opportunity opportunity_crm_id CRM Opportunity ID Account Engagement ID of the Account Engagement opportunity opportunity_id Pardot Opportunity ID Salesforce Status of the opportunity: Open, Won, or Lost opportunity_status Opportunity Status Salesforce Lifecycle stage of the opportunity in Salesforce opportunity_stage Opportunity Stage Salesforce Type of opportunity, from Salesforce opportunity_type Opportunity Type Salesforce Name of the opportunity in Salesforce opportunity_name Opportunity Name Salesforce Percentage of estimated confidence in closing the opportunity, from Salesforce opportunity_probability Opportunity Probability Account Engagement Tags associated with the opportunity tags Tags  Pardot Prospect Dataset  The dataset ID is   pdProspect . Each row represents a unique prospect. Prospects related to a lead or contact in Salesforce include values labeled (CRM). By default, this dataset includes data from active and archived prospects. An admin can edit this option in Account Engagement Settings.  Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Prospect ’ s account name account_name Account Name Account Engagement Prospect ’ s address, line one address_one Address One Account Engagement Prospect ’ s address, line two address_two Address Two Account Engagement Annual revenue for prospect ’ s company annual_revenue Annual Revenue Account Engagement Indicates whether the prospect record is in the recycle bin: True or False is_archived Is Archived Account Engagement Date and time that prospect is assigned to a user assigned_date Assigned Date Account Engagement Indicates whether the prospect is assigned to a user: true or false is_assigned Is Assigned Account Engagement First name of the prospect ’ s assigned user assigned_user_first_name Assigned User First Name  43 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement First and last name of the prospect ’ s assigned user assigned_user_full_name Assigned User Full Name Account Engagement Last name of the prospect ’ s assigned user assigned_user_last_name Assigned User Last Name Account Engagement Prospect ’ s city city City Account Engagement User comments about the prospect comments Comments Account Engagement Prospect ’ s company name company Company Account Engagement Prospect ’ s country country Country Account Engagement Date and time that prospect is created created_at_date Created At Date Account Engagement First name of the user who created the prospect created_by_first_name Created by First Name Account Engagement First and last name of the user who created the prospect created_by_full_name Created by Full Name Account Engagement Last name of the user who created the prospect created_by_last_name Created By Last Name Salesforce Salesforce ID for the prospect ’ s account account_crm_id CRM Account ID Salesforce Salesforce ID for prospect ’ s synced contact crm_contact_fid CRM Contact ID Salesforce Salesforce ID of prospect ’ s assigned lead or contact record contact_crm_id CRM Lead/Contact ID Salesforce Date and time of last activity in Salesforce on the prospect ’ s lead or contact record crm_last_activity_date CRM Last Activity Date Salesforce Salesforce ID for prospect ’ s synced lead crm_lead_fid CRM Lead ID Salesforce Salesforce ID for the prospect ’ s assigned user crm_owner_fid CRM Owner ID Account Engagement Prospect ’ s department department Department Account Engagement Prospect ’ s email address email Email Account Engagement Number of employees who work at the company employees Employees Account Engagement Prospect ’ s fax number fax Fax Account Engagement Prospect ’ s first name first_name First Name Account Engagement Date and time of first visitor activity. Identified by IP address and associated with prospect by email address. first_visitor_date First Visit Date Account Engagement Prospect ’ s first and last name full_name Full Name Account Engagement Prospect ’ s grade in Account Engagement grade Pardot Grade Account Engagement Type of industry for prospect ’ s company industry Industry  44 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Indicates whether prospect has fully opted out of phone calls: true or false is_do_not_call Is Do Not Call Account Engagement Indicates whether the prospect has opted out of all email types: true or false is_do_not_email Is Do Not Email Account Engagement Prospect ’ s job title job_title Job Title Account Engagement Date and time that prospect last interacted with a marketing asset last_activity_date Last Activity Date Account Engagement Prospect ’ s last name last_name Last Name Account Engagement Date and time of most recent visitor activity. Identified by different IP address and associated with prospect by the same email address. most_recent_visitor_date Most Recent Visitor Date Account Engagement Date and time that the prospect is assigned to the MQL stage mql_date MQL Date Account Engagement Indicates whether the prospect has opted out of marketing emails: true or false opted_out Opted Out Account Engagement Business unit ID associated with the B2B Marketing Analytics app pardot_account_id Pardot Account ID Account Engagement Prospect ’ s visitor ID visitor_id Pardot Visitor ID Account Engagement Prospect ’ s phone number phone Phone Account Engagement Prospect ’ s ID id Pardot Prospect ID Account Engagement Prospect ’ s preferred title, as a picklist salutation Salutation Account Engagement Prospect ’ s score in Account Engagement score Pardot Score Account Engagement Vendor name and source type that indicates prospect ’ s original source. source_campaign Source Campaign Account Engagement Campaign associated with prospect ’ s first touch source Source Account Engagement Prospect ’ s stage in marketing lifecycle stage Stage Account Engagement Prospect ’ s state state State Account Engagement Tags associated with the prospect tags Tags Account Engagement Prospect ’ s territory territory Territory Account Engagement Date and time that the prospect was updated updated_at_date Updated At Date Account Engagement First name of the user who last updated the prospect updated_by_first_name Updated By First Name Account Engagement Last name of the user who last updated the prospect updated_by_last_name Updated By Last Name Account Engagement URL of the prospect ’ s company website website Website  45 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Description Field Label  Account Engagement Length of time the prospect ’ s company has been in business years_in_business Years In Business Account Engagement Prospect ’ s ZIP code zip Zip  Prospect and Activity Dataset  The dataset ID is   pdProspectActivity . Each row represents a unique engagement activity and data related to the prospect who performed it. The fields and labels vary slightly depending on whether you have Object Sync turned on.  •   Prospect and Activity Dataset on page 20  •   Prospect and Activity Dataset for Object Sync For emails sent through Engagement Studio, the Engagement History dataset includes send data only for engagement programs that were created after December 14, 2018.  Pardot Tags Dataset  Each row of this dataset represents a unique, assigned tag. This dataset includes active tags for campaigns, emails, forms, form handlers, landing pages, opportunities, and prospects.  Origin Field Label  Account Engagement tag_name Name Account Engagement tag_id Tag ID  Pardot Users Dataset  The dataset ID is   pdUser . It ’ s used in app templates only for Account Engagement. Each row represents one user.  Origin Field Label  Account Engagement created_at Created At Date Account Engagement email Email Account Engagement first_name First Name Account Engagement full_name Full Name Account Engagement is_archived Is Archived Account Engagement job_title Job Title Account Engagement last_name Last Name Account Engagement updated_at Updated At Date Account Engagement user_id User ID (external)  46 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Origin Field Label  Salesforce or Account Engagement username* Username  Pardot Visitor Dataset  The dataset ID is   pdVisitor . Each row represents 1 day of statistics for an individual visitor. This dataset doesn ’ t include data from archived visitors.  Origin Field Label  Account Engagement campaign_name Campaign Name Salesforce campaign_crm_id Campaign ID (CRM) Account Engagement campaign_id Campaign ID (external) Account Engagement stage Stage Account Engagement stats_date Stats Date Account Engagement tags Tags Account Engagement visitor_count Visitor Count  Account-Based Marketing Datasets  B2B Marketing Analytics features optional account-based marketing offerings that come from three datasets. These datasets include active data only. They exclude data from archived accounts. Account-Based Marketing Contact — The dataset ID of this optional account-based marketing dataset is   pdAbmContact . Each row represents an individual Salesforce contact.  Field Label  AccountId.Name Account Name WhoID.pi__score__c Contact Pardot Score Account-Based Marketing Event — The dataset ID of this optional account-based marketing dataset is   pdAbmEvent . Each row represents an individual Salesforce event. This data originates in the Email object and pulls records for events that have passed. Event types include Call, Email, Meeting, Prep, and Other.  Field Label  AccountId.Name Account Name WhoId.ID Contact ID WhoId.Name Contact Name WhoID.pi__grade__c Contact Pardot Grade  47 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Field Label  WhoID.pi__score__c Contact Pardot Score WhoId.Title Contact Title DurationInMinutes Duration AccountId.Id Event Account ID OwnerId.Id Owner ID OwnerId.Name Owner Name Account-Based Marketing Opportunity — The dataset ID of this optional account-based marketing dataset is   pdAbmOpp . Each row represents an individual Salesforce opportunity.  Field Label  AccountId.Industry Account Industry AccountId.Name Account Name AccountId.OwnerId.Id Account Owner ID Amount Amount CloseDate Close Date Name Opportunity Name AccountId.OwnerId.Name Owner Name  Multi-Touch Attribution Dataset  The dataset ID of this optional multi-touch attribution dataset is   pdMultiAttrib . Each row represents an individual Salesforce campaign influence record and includes additional campaign, contact, opportunity, and account field values for context.  Field Label  OpportunityId.AccountId.Name Account OpportunityId.AccountId Account Id CampaignId.Name Campaign CampaignId.ActualCost Campaign Actual Cost CampaignId.BudgetedCost Campaign Budgeted Cost CampaignId.EndDate Campaign End Date CampaignID Campaign ID Id Campaign Influence ID  48 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics

Field Label  ModelId.MasterLabel Campaign Influence Model ModelId Campaign Influence Model ID CampaignId.StartDate Campaign Start Date ContactId.Name Contact ContactId.FirstName Contact First Name ContactId Contact ID ContactId.LastName Contact Last Name ContactId.LeadSource Lead Source OpportunityId.Name Opportunity OpportunityId Opportunity ID CimtaGenerated.TotalRevenue Revenue RevenueShare Revenue Share CimtaGenerated.Roi ROI OpportunityId.StageName Stage Name CimtaGenerated.TotalValue Total Value  49 B2B Marketing Analytics Datasets Set Up B2B Marketing Analytics